Features:
AI-based DreamDate (DD) Score.
We assist you in finding the best matches by displaying AI-based compatibility scores on the Heads Up Display (HUD).
Reinvent Yourself
The Metaverse is an entirely new world for you to reinvent your identity. Customize your Avatars and show the world your best self.
Weekly Date(Party) Night!
The top Approval Token recipients will be invited to weekly party nights with a variety of exciting events and experiences such as music concerts, quiz nights, movie nights, bar visits, and so on. Individuals on the DDW platform have the opportunity to network with the most likeable people on the platform.
Social Space
Social Spaces are metaverse-based spaces like beaches, clubs, party houses, movie theatres, and cafes. Each space has multiple tables where users can meet new people, play online games, or simply hang out.
Private Space
After interacting in social spaces, users can swipe each other to access Private Spaces. One-on-one dating takes place in a private space. Each dating session requires the person to spend specific $DDW tokens on a timely basis.
Weekly $DDW rewards
A weekly approval token scoreboard would be created, with the top scorers receiving a proportionate amount of $DDW tokens as well as the opportunity to attend a weekly party night.

Approval Token
The more you interact with other users, the more likely it is that you will earn SBTs. Users can swipe left, right or up on profiles, with a left swipe user gets zero SBT, one for right and three for up.
VR Support
VR dating experiences are an opportunity for you to explore each other’s personalities and passions. We create lasting human connections in an immersive world.
DDW is yet to be fully available since it’s still in the development stage 





By displaying AI-based compatibility scores, biodata, and contextual conversation starters, We (Heads Up Display) assist you in finding the best matches.
The more active you are on the platform you’ll x amount of NFT minting price back


We will allow you to easily highlight compatible matches using AI, based on factors such as:
Communities and NFTs in Common
Interests
Gender
Age


Huddle01- set NFT avatars (collab in metaverse)

At least 2000 girls in a city

Catfish-Proof Online Dating platform.

For each gaming session, the person has to spend specific native tokens.

Trust Token( SBTs) - Can’t be transferred or bought. The more the token, the more the trust and the chances of dating.

If someone disses you, you lose tokens. Creep reporter gets lost tokens from creep. Creep can prove his innocence by raising a ticket then DDW team will intervene.
Creators and Dating Coaches

Run Ads

Collab with Metaverse/ Gateway from different Metaverse

Icon to social

AI-based matching.

Avatar marketplace (https://secure.imvu.com/welcome/ftux/)
https://blocksagedaily.com/love-sex-and-the-metaverse-these-apps-are-bringing-passion-to-the-digital-world/

Chad, Simps and E-girl will be the 3 main characters of the game
Competitor- Tim Draper and Boost VC- NeverMet Investors

It also allows you to control who you meet based on age, gender and other preferences.

The app lets users meet others in personal conversations and lets them explore virtual worlds together which can be entirely fabricated or placed in real settings like bars, restaurants or popular tourist attractions.
Like Nevermet, the avatars on Flirtual have a very anime/manga vibe to them and are not limited to strictly human. Furry animal avatars are also present in this universe.

iDate awards for best new technology.

Samsung, Forbes, The New Yorker and Dazed.
Google Play, the Apple Apps Store, the Microsoft Store and Sidequest.
The company’s new CEO wanted to create what she called the “Tinderverse” after Match acquired an AI augmented reality company called Hyperconnect
https://metaspark.cc/
MetaSpark is the next generation of online dating,
offering an immersive VR Metaverse that allows you to
explore beyond the physical and geographical restraints
of conventional dating.
https://metaspark.gitbook.io/metaspark/

SparkHUD implements a Traffic Light Compatibility system:
Green Light: Open to Talk
Orange Light: I'll Talk to you First
Red Light:

NFT Gift Shop
Treat yourself or a special someone at the Spark Store. From digital gifts built by the MetaSpark Community to exclusive experiences, there's plenty of ways to impress your date and stand out from the competition.

Features and Utility include:
Date2Earn Functionality - Receive rewards in the form of $SPARK tokens for dating and participating in the MetaSpark ecoystem
Purchase of in world items at the NFT Gift Shop
Purchase tickets to world-class Dating Events and Experiences
What happens when you apply scientific research to dating behavior? A whole lotta love! But this isn’t destiny, it’s deliberate. That’s why every x minutes, someone finds love on DDW.
DDW VIP NFT Program
DDW will be releasing VIP NFTs, which offers exclusive membership and benefits to the MetaSpark universe.
Key features include:
Early Access to new MetaSpark Features and Dating Platform
VIP Only Maps and Experiences
Exclusive MetaSpark Merchandise
The Metaverse is a whole new world for you to reinvent
your identity. Customise your Avatar and show the
world the best version of you.
p2e dating metaverse
https://mrx-secret.club/
We're building India’s first metaverse dating platform - Metavibe, focussed on providing fun and engaging, online dating experiences.

In short, through our app, you will be able to

1. Meet and Interact with new people virtually in our metaverse.
2. Match with people through blind dates, speed dates and group dates.
3. Hang out with your friends in our metaverse and chill around.

We are trying to:

1. Eliminate the boring monotony of swiping left and right for hours.
2. Eliminate the rigorous small talk you have to make with every single match time and again -(easy filtration of people you like)
3. make dating fun, period!
If you’re interested to know more, ping us at +91-8971996601 or mail us at support@metavibe.co.in 
https://www.metavibe.co.in/
Match with the vibe, not the profile!
Our unique game flow allows you to filter your match almost instantly based on their vibe and personality, not profile!
Offline Dating
Ens like username nft
https://web3.teleport.co/
Mindless swiping and unlimited likes made it meaningless to match.

Using a token to like someone brings meaning and intention back to dating.

The $HEART token is a sign of admiration, acknowledgement, and intention. A sign that you've been specifically selected

$HEART Token
The Teleport Social Club $HEART token is the core of our revolution.

A token brings online dating back to life, mirroring the real world. Tokens will be used to signify your intentions, and give the power back to the people.

https://web3.teleport.co/
https://www.rdland.io/
https://www.mixxi.app/
https://www.doveydates.com/
https://soldate.org/
https://soldate.medium.com/introducing-soldate-a-blokchain-based-dating-site-built-on-solana-411f979070c5

https://avadore.io/
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UYjGFEfXGnIJ3NaJzt4EgfgdeI_eckQh/view

Date2earn, love2earn
https://www.molliverse.io/
Website look  very immersive and intoative web3ish with 
Freelancer  get  opportunity  to build on the platform
Metaverse builders and dating coach
Run Ads
Our portal in other metaverses


Making things happen in the metaverse

Reinventing yourself the dating wheel in the metaverse
Dream Date World Is Your Portal For Love In The Metaverse!
Match with the vibe, not the profile!

Tokenized Matching, Premium In-App Staking, Catfish-Proof Verification And More!
With a global market of over 320M users, major technological innovation has yet to reach the Online Dating industry where decade-old implementations are still the industry-standard
Dating compatibility score through AI

Features:
AI-based DreamDate (DD) Score.
We assist you in finding the best matches by displaying AI-based compatibility scores on the Heads Up Display (HUD).
Reinvent Yourself
The Metaverse is an entirely new world for you to reinvent your identity. Customize your Avatars and show the world your best self.
Weekly Date(Party) Night!
The top receivers of Approval Token will get a chance to attend Weekly date(party) nights. DDW's curated dating experiences provide weekly date(party) nights. On the DDW platform, individuals have the opportunity to network with the most likeable people.
DDW will also provide a variety of exciting events and experiences that are unique to dating(party) night, such as:
Music Listening Party or Concert
Visit Restaurants, Bars and Clubs
Trivia and Quiz Night
Movie Night
Social Space
Social Spaces are metaverse-based spaces like beaches, clubs, party houses, movie theatres, and cafes. Each space has multiple tables where users can meet new people, play online games, or simply hang out and have fun.

Private Space
After interacting in social spaces, users can swipe each other and access Private Spaces. One-on-one dating takes place in a private area.  Each dating session requires the person to spend specific $DDW tokens on a timely basis. The award given to the best of the best can be used.
Weekly $DDW rewards
A weekly approval token scoreboard would be created, with the top scorers receiving an equivalent amount of $DDW tokens as well as the opportunity to attend a weekly date night.
Approval Token
The more you interact with other users, the more likely it is that you will earn SBTs. Users can swipe left, right or up on profiles, with a left swipe user gets 0 SBT, one for right and 3 for up.

DDW is yet to be fully available since it’s still in the development stage 





rate you from 0 to 5 and you’ll get a rating amount of SBT Token. 
An open-access global messenger that allows any user to interact with any and all other users on the TruYou platform. Within “The Conversation” users can customize their presentation in chat through Roles and Perks!
If you look at them you can see dating compatibility score

Different types of modes. Social space anyone can talk to anyone. Private space you can talk with a particular individual
On each social table we can do stuff like talking, video call, play online games scribble
Social space is like discord and table is like voice channel
Users who are in the platform just for dating can use speed dating mode which would be very similar to omegle
User can set NFT avatars while using video calling feature

Catfish-Proof Online Dating platform.
Bot verification, you need to come on VC and talk to a staff member
Manual verification, there will be detailed due diligence

People can buy skins, hairs, cloths and other wardrobe accessories
In the form of NFTs and can gift it to someone

Best of best people on the platform can acces these things below. Scoring will be done on weekly basis( SBT Token)
Add favorites option and favorites list


If selected for date night you get native token and talk with the best people on the platform

For each dating session, the person has to spend specific tokens on time limit. Can be used from the reward we gave best of best 

Daily 30 mins free dating space for all the individuals
Either interact or buy
More you interact more SBT Token you get. Girls will rate you from 0 to 5 and you’ll get rating amount of SBT Token. Based on SBT token a score would be generated and top scorer will get to mint equivalent amount of economy token and get to attend a weekly date night. N number of date night depending on number of active user on that day

Virtual show will happen in the dating night
Rating system is similar to swipe mechanism where left swipe means 0 SBT and Right swipe means 1 SBT and swipe up means 3 SBT.
If both swipe then you can go to dating space (2 people can talk privately)
Match with the vibe, not the profile!
Our unique game flow allows you to filter your match almost instantly based on their vibe and personality, not probability




Website Content
Dating compatibility score through AI




Q2
Poc of 
